docs: improve uri variables ADR (#4476)
api-platform/core: docs/adr/0003-uri-variables.md

## Decision Outcome

We will use a POPO to define URI variables, for now these options are available:

```
uriVariables: [
    'companyId' => new UriVariable(
        targetClass: Company::class,
        inversedBy: null,
        mappedBy: 'company'
        identifiers: ['id'],
        compositeIdentifier: true,
    ],
    'id' => new UriVariable( 
        targetClas: User::class,
        identifiers: ['id']
    )
]
```

Where `uriVariables` keys are the URI template's variable names. Its value is a map where:

> - `targetClass` is the PHP FQDN to the class this value belongs to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `targetClass` is the PHP FQCN of the class this value belongs to
```

Author: thanks added
